You must now configure the Grub boot-menu file.  Please read the
following information before you attempt to do this, as errors in the
configuration file will mean that you will not be able to boot Syllable.

First you must tell GRUB where to find the kernel and the required
disk/FS drivers to load before booting Syllable. This information is
found in "/inst/boot/grub/menu.lst". If you have other OS's installed
on the machine you must either configure GRUB as a boot-manager or
install another boot-manager that can "chainload" GRUB from the AFS
partition.

The menu.lst file should look something like this to boot Syllable from
the installation described above:

     title  Syllable
     root   (hd0,1)
     kernel /system/kernel.so root=/dev/disk/ata/hda/0
     module /system/config/kernel.cfg
     module /system/drivers/dev/bus/acpi
     module /system/drivers/dev/bus/pci
     module /system/drivers/dev/bus/ata
     module /system/drivers/dev/hcd/ata_pci
     module /system/drivers/fs/afs

This will tell GRUB to boot partition number 2 on the first drive
through the "root (hd0,1)" command and where to find the kernel, the
boot block-device driver and the boot-FS driver on that partition. The
"root=/dev/disk/bios/hda/0" string after the kernel-path is a parameter
that is passed to the kernel and tells what partition to mount as
/boot/ before continue to boot. The kernel can also take a number of
other parameters (listed below) that are given in the same manner after
the "root" param.

If you install Syllable on the second partition on the first drive the
default config-file is ok. otherwise you must edit the "root (disk,partition)
line to fit your setup. If you want to boot other OS's with GRUB you
must add them to the config file as well. For example to boot BeOS, or
Windows, or most other OS's that have a bootblock you can use the
"chainloader" command like this:

     title BeOS
     chainloader (hd0,3)+1

This will add a menu entry titled BeOS that will boot the OS
found on the fourth partition on the first disk.

You can also set a timeout for when to boot the first OS in the list
(or the default as set by the "default" command) with the "timeout"
command:

     timeout 5

